= filterable_table

FilterableTable uses client-side JavaScript to hide or show table rows based on characters typed by a user. Simply type the characters to be used for filtering the table and press enter to focus the table; press escape to show all table rows. 

This gem is currently in alpha mode; use at your own risk. It's been tested under Safari only; IE is not currently supported.

== Installation

* Install the gem:

    gem install filterable_table
    
* Add the following to your application's Rakefile:

    require 'filterable_table/tasks'
    
* Install the supporting code:

    rake filterable_table:install

* Add this line to your app/helpers/application_helper.rb file:

    include FilterableTable::Helper

== Usage

Usage is simple. First, set the class name of each table row in your table to 'filterable'. Then insert the filter_table method just before where your table appears in the view.

Example:

  <%= filter_table -%>

  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Name</th>
        <th>URL</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <%- @foos.each do |foo| -%>
        <tr class="filterable">
          <td><%= foo.name -%></td>
          <td><%= foo.url -%></td>
        </tr>
      <%- end -%>
    </tbody>
  </table>

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Corey Ehmke / SEO Logic. See LICENSE for details.
